what
there
mockus
good afternoon clear rafael conception
some benefits of home cameras is the ability to optenet
the images in type
I do not have here
in the case atenco with image 1
what a role means is that the camera
do not try to do the image process
inside the camera resulting
in a triple image
instead
All the information you will do in its original way
in this file
but to be able to open this image and manipulate it
needed
the program that company forums chat that is called
I saw that he tied
we are going to use that tutorial to be able to talk a little bit about how to manipulate
the picture
inside of the bizarre
first what they will see in the images
is going to see another mind mind this type of camera that I suso here
in this type, different
and you see all the information about the camera
here in this area
first what can be corrected that white liquid of the image
here there are different modes that correspond with the modes that are seen in
the camera
Well, if a person
who the camera marked in a vote
who does not
match the d mode the scene can be automatically corrected
with these
when one changes effective and acha a stent
out wide
the only thing that is changing is the temperature and the fifth
the picture
let's say for example we started counting
maintains a temperature maintains an ink when it is not changed to continue
the temperature goes up
which roasts the image to look a little bit more yellow
they lined
has the temperature
marine
and make it seem
the image a little bit more blue
but that does not mean that one can not
adjust this manually
and many times it's something that I try to be when I want to correct
images
are this example what I'm going to do is
so take the temperature thymus is at the temperature a little bit
hottest
and do not have the image now it gets a little hotter it gets a little bit
more yellow
and the ink I want that
and that
I appear a little more red I'm just going to raise the ink a little more
that's different from what I automatically took
the purito added the temperature
for this example let's start in the way that I took the picture
Beijing - I do not like it because here it seems a little yellow
can only do is I'm going to take the temperature equal to lower it a little
so you can see this a little bit more blue
and you remove the yellow that you see in the image
the computer more
and that is looking a little better
Now I want to climb the red akin
bad picture
and of bone and ink a little bit
notice that the colors here mean
what is going to happen with the image
if I take the ink well the green
we do not want you assured albert
it was called a bolt
pink
besides being pink
adding three ere is light
put a little ink
pink
the next crop can be modified is the exposure of the image
control here by choosing
it goes a little bit the image gets a little bit darker
if I upload
the image gets a little bit more
bright and helps when one tries to correct
problems with image layout
for example
I would like the image to be like that of villosa
it was not what I took
uploading automatically
fix that problem
now you see another problem notice that here in this area in this area is
it's turning red
and that is letting me know
that there is no color in these areas
that can be corrected
as the copper increasing the public orcam takes those areas
and makes them
to look a little better
Siliken increase the amount
of Shadows
what's in the picture
department of you with the feoga etc
going up the fifth
Notice that the shadow part
Shines a little more
if I want to add
shadow after this
I can add it by uploading
aldo backs
the clarity
offers the option of being able to grow
sharpest image
see if I drop the fall layer as much detail is lost here
and the clarity added
ps with a little more sharp
many times it's not something I like to climb a lot here
I like it better, try to modify it
using more important bags
the saturation
it's an effect that I did not like sat
take all the colors and upload all the colors and what in the image
and it does not look very natural
I liked better saved llorens
go press when it does not rise
What it does is
analyze the image
and says any color good
that is already well represented the image does not change
has a preference not to make any changes to colors that are
skin color
you are an effect that is very intelligent
and functional wine to try to correct your images
when you configure those effects 1 automatically
You can save your effects
in the option of being beings
here I have
a series sac chivos what am I going to open
in formosa
I do not have all together effects are here
available
but the benefit of being able
fix
many images at the same time
it's something so very well powerful of
aldo villanueva
for example let's say that this is the effect that I want
for the images
if I want to
this effect on all the other images
photo select all images
i without tests and healthy
all effects
15 in the primary image
oppressing vote do not believe
it automatically changes
all the images
if they want to open the image lomas injured, vote less
If they want
save
these changes
in the stolen file
only cuplé manel